is all and sooner or later all the time sooner or later we've called of
course let alone a little so the fifty years back and fifty years
sorry recall what does a lot of sort of eighteen personal up all the
money in this trial was born and family you know being the way he was
taking its toll so mission we need to so that's family is probably
the big thing about leaving or death we know that from uses it sends
use ages creature that shot our boss of the Persian Gulf back to
late eighties early nineties solo wall of water sign did not survive
the thirty year so we're gonna be reason for people all personal one
of things that I just recommend he spent a lot of on this we spent
ten years of active duty so you want to get out no problem understand
versus the levels all of us it's so you you'll enjoy it guarantees